You said I don't know, right?
Kill him for me yeah
Stop
Flying Blade, this little fairy has raised such an old man
Do you have to take care of this shit? That's right
I, the king of killers in the flying blade world, hereby announce
Zhou Luo turned blood into a disciple
Against him is against me
Do you want to make an enemy of me?
Are you going to be my enemy?
I dare not start today
This cell
It is the exclusive cell for me and Luo Yingxue
No one is allowed in
Yes, that's not good. Go away
Sister, come on
Long time no
I've seen a girl as bloody as you
Nice, I like it very much.
Learn kung fu with me in the future
Really? Can you teach me how to do lion work?
Have you ever killed your first enemy?
Certainly.
The apprentice handed over by the king of killers in my world
Will be invincible
all-powerful